Brother, is your news accurate?
Didn't you say that Miss Zuo was going to the temple this morning?
Temple?
But it's almost noon, why haven't you come out yet?
Don't worry, since you choose to be a hunter
Have the patience of a hunter
Here it comes.
Miss
Go to the notification office to be safe
Hurry up and act
Here we go. Okay.
out of the way
Get out of the way
Get out of the way, get out of the way
Get out of the way, let it go, let it go, I can't stop
I can't stop, I can't hurt
Ah!
Ouch, are you alright, brother, are you alright?
Where did you hit?
You hit my leg!
You're okay, don't worry, my leg.
I didn't say you left first
My leg, you go first, go first
Don't go, don't go
Don't go, oops, oops.
Miss
Miss Miss
Miss oh miss